sat-3016  - Added/Edited new chapter/assembly about foreman webhooks (#636)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_webhooks-available-events.adoc

[id="webhooks-available-events_{context}"]
= Available Events

> The following are the webhook events available from the {ProjectWebUI}. `Action` events will trigger webhooks only on `success`, so if an action failed, a webhook is not triggered.

Reviewer: Please move the second sentence onto a newline.

> The following are the webhook events available from the {ProjectWebUI}. `Action` events will trigger webhooks only on `success`, so if an action failed, a webhook is not triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table contains a list of webhook events that are available from the {ProjectWebUI}. `Action` events trigger webhooks only on `success`, so if an action failed, a webhook is not triggered.
```

IBM style says to avoid the future tense.

|Actions Remote Execution Run Host Job Ansible Run Capsule Upgrade Succeeded |Upgrade Capsules on given Capsule server hosts
|Actions Remote Execution Run Host Job Ansible Configure Cloud Connector Succeeded |Configure Cloud Connector on given hosts
ifdef::satellite[]
|Actions Remote Execution Run Host Job Ansible Run Insights Plan Succeeded |Runs a given maintenance plan from Red Hat Access Insights given an ID.
endif::[]
|Actions Remote Execution Run Host Job Ansible Run Playbook Succeeded |Run an Ansible playbook against given hosts
|Actions Remote Execution Run Host Job Ansible Enable Web Console Succeeded |Run an Ansible playbook to enable the web console on given hosts
|Actions Remote Execution Run Host Job Puppet Run Host Succeeded |Perform a single Puppet run
|Actions Remote Execution Run Host Job Katello Module Stream Action Succeeded |Perform a module stream action using the Katello interface
|Actions Remote Execution Run Host Job Leapp Pre-upgrade Succeeded |Upgradeability check for RHEL 7 host
|Actions Remote Execution Run Host Job Leapp Remediation Plan Succeeded |Run Remediation plan with Leapp

> |Actions Remote Execution Run Host Job Leapp Upgrade Succeeded |Run Leapp upgrade job for RHEL 7 host

Reviewer 2: All those `Action` events will trigger webhooks only on `success`, so if an action failed, a webhook is not triggered.
